---
title: "Call for Participation and Late Submissions!"
date: 2020-09-11T10:00:00-00:00
categories:
  - updates
tags:
  - CfP
---

In case you have missed the early bird for submission to our virtual Workshop on Inclusive Communication between Automated Vehicles and Vulnerable Road Users (WeCARe), there is still an opportunity to submit contributions and join the workshop!

You are hereby invited to submit a 3-minute video or a position paper with the deadline September 25th, 2020 – anywhere on earth. Please note that you will be notified about the decision on September 29th and – in case of acceptance – will only have until October 1st to upload the video for the presentation.
The workshop will be held online in conjunction with [MobileHCI 2020](https://mobilehci.acm.org/2020/), October 5-9, 2020. 

This workshop invites people from different cultures, backgrounds, and affiliations to explore the interplay of automated vehicles and other road users. The workshop emphasizes cultural differences, diversity, and inclusive design solutions for the interaction of AVs and VRUs. We welcome researchers and practitioners with interest in accessible technology, interactive technologies for children, seniors, or people with impairments, or automotive user interfaces. Specifically, we want to reach those developing mobile interfaces for traffic participants (e.g., pedestrians, or cyclists), inclusive interfaces (addressing, e.g., visually impaired people), or external human-machine interfaces for AVs.

We are looking forward to meeting you virtually in October.


### MOST IMPORTANT FACTS
* Submission deadline for late submissions: September 25th, 2020 
* Submission template: [ACM Conference Proceedings "Master" Template](https://www.acm.org/publications/taps/word-template-workflow).
* Submission via [EasyChair (easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wecare2020)](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wecare2020). 
* Workshop date: October 5th - 7th, 2020
* More info: [Participate](/Participate)
