---
title: "Call for Participation!"
date: 2020-04-07T20:00:00-00:00
categories:
  - updates
tags:
  - CfP
---
We are pleased to announce our workshop offered in conjunction with the 22nd International Conference on Human-Computer Interaction with Mobile Devices and Services ([MobileHCI 2020](https://mobilehci.acm.org/2020/)): 
*WeCARe - Workshop on Inclusive Communication between Automated Vehicles and Vulnerable Road Users*


This workshop welcomes researchers and practitioners with interest in accessible technology, interactive technologies for children, seniors, or people with impairments, or automotive user interfaces. Specifically, we want to reach those developing mobile interfaces for traffic participants (e.g., pedestrians, or cyclists), inclusive interfaces (addressing, e.g., visually impaired people), or external human-machine interfaces for automated vehicles. 


### IMPORTANT DATES FOR THE WORKSHOP
* Submission deadline: July 2nd, 2020
* Notification of acceptance: July 23rd, 2020
* Camera ready version due: August 7th, 2020
* Workshop date: Ocotber 5th, 2020



### OBJECTIVES
Automated vehicles (AVs) are expected to become a part of the road traffic in the near future. This upcoming change raises concerns on how human vulnerable road users (VRUs), e.g., cyclists or pedestrians, would interact with them to ensure safe communication on the road. Previous work focused primarily on the scenario in which a young adult without impairments crosses a street in front of an automated vehicle. Several road user groups, such as children, seniors, or people with special needs, in roles of pedestrians and cyclists, are not considered in this scenario. On top of this, cultural differences are rarely considered. To ensure that future traffic is safe and accessible for all citizens, we aim to address inclusive communication between automated vehicles and vulnerable road users. In this workshop, we will discuss and exchange methods, tools, and scenarios applicable for inclusive communication, identify the most relevant research gaps, and connect people for future collaborations.




### PARTICIPATION 
This workshop welcomes researchers and practitioners with interest in accessible technology, interactive technologies for children, seniors, or people with impairments, or automotive user interfaces. Specifically, we want to reach those developing mobile interfaces for traffic participants (e.g., pedestrians, or cyclists), inclusive interfaces (addressing, e.g., visually impaired people), or external human-machine interfaces for AVs. This workshop aims at providing an overview of the current state of the research for interaction between AVs and VRUs. We want to identify the research gap and raise awareness for lowering the barriers to traffic participation. The participants can expect hands-on experience and live feedback in designing inclusive interfaces. Further, we plan to establish communication with workshop attendees for future (international) collaborations. Participants will be selected based on their submission through a review process. The review process will be conducted by a program committee consisting of the organizers. Registration for the main conference is mandatory for all workshop participants, but there are no additional costs for attending the workshop beyond the main conference registration fee.


### SUBMISSIONS 
Participants are expected to submit a position paper of two to four pages, not counting references ??????? HOW ??????? by July 2nd 2020. All submissions must follow the new CHI Extended Abstracts format (http://chi2019.acm.org/authors/chi-proceedings-format/#TOC-CHI-Extended-Abstracts-Format).
Submissions need not to be anonymous. However, reviews will be done anonymously. Each paper will receive at least two reviews. All accepted papers will be published online before the beginning of the workshop. 
